Document Lando workaround (#3104)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/development/local/lando.md

Run <code>lando init --recipe platformsh --source cwd --platformsh-auth {{% variable "API_TOKEN" %}}</code> and follow the instructions provided by the interactive prompt.

{{< note >}}

> If you get an error stating that the `recipe` argument is invalid,
> [install the latest version of the Platform.sh plugin](https://docs.lando.dev/platformsh/getting-started.html#custom-installation)
> and run the command again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If for some reason you get an error using the Platform.sh recipe,
be sure to 
[install the latest version of the Platform.sh plugin](https://docs.lando.dev/platformsh/getting-started.html#custom-installation)
and run the command again.
```
